user-stories.md, before:

# User Stories

This page lists user stories for the project. I have a reference code for each of them (e.g. 'FT1') corresponding to the reference codes in the tests.

## Acceptance Criteria (Feature Tests)
FT1:
```
As a DFAT member
So that I can see my name
I would like to register my name before playing an online game
```
FT2:
```
As a DFAT member
So that I can enjoy myself away from the daily grind
I would like to be able to play rock/paper/scissors
```

## Base Functionality (Component Tests)
BF1: 
```
As a DFAT member
I would like to create a player
I would like to input my name to create a player class
```

BF2:
```
As a DFAT member
So I can play RPS
I would like to select an RPS input
```

BF3:
```
As a developer
So Players can play RPS
I would like to ensure players are added to the game
```

BF4: 
```
As a developer
So the gamew functions
I would like to be able to register users RPS input
```

BF5:
```
As a Computer
So DFAT members can play with me
I would like to be able to pick all the RPS choices
```

BF6: 
```
As a developer
So the game can be resolved
I would like to be able to determine the winner
```

BF7:
```
As a developer
So the game works 
I would like to ensure the game logic is all working as intended
```

BF8:
```
As a user
So I can use the application
I want to be able to input my name
```

BF9:
```
As a user
So I can play RPS
I want to input my RPS choice on the app
```

BF10:
```
As a user
So I can see the result of the game
I want a result message to show
```



<!-- ## Extended Criteria (Feature Tests)
EC1: 
```
``` -->

## My Tests for the functionality not listed in the instructions
PT1:
```
As a user
So I know what the application does
I want a title and instructions on the home page
```

PT2:
```
As a DFAT member
So I can play again
I want a reset button
```

Commit message:

1.1 - Jasmine Tests written for RPSLS

user-stories.md, after:

# User Stories

This page lists user stories for the project. I have a reference code for each of them (e.g. 'FT1') corresponding to the reference codes in the tests.

## Acceptance Criteria (Feature Tests)
FT1:
```
As a DFAT member
So that I can see my name
I would like to register my name before playing an online game
```
FT2:
```
As a DFAT member
So that I can enjoy myself away from the daily grind
I would like to be able to play rock/paper/scissors
```

## Base Functionality (Component Tests)
BF1: 
```
As a DFAT member
I would like to create a player
I would like to input my name to create a player class
```

BF2:
```
As a DFAT member
So I can play RPS
I would like to select an RPS input
```

BF3:
```
As a developer
So Players can play RPS
I would like to ensure players are added to the game
```

BF4: 
```
As a developer
So the gamew functions
I would like to be able to register users RPS input
```

BF5:
```
As a Computer
So DFAT members can play with me
I would like to be able to pick all the RPS choices
```

BF6: 
```
As a developer
So the game can be resolved
I would like to be able to determine the winner
```

BF7:
```
As a developer
So the game works 
I would like to ensure the game logic is all working as intended
```

BF8:
```
As a user
So I can use the application
I want to be able to input my name
```

BF9:
```
As a user
So I can play RPS
I want to input my RPS choice on the app
```

BF10:
```
As a user
So I can see the result of the game
I want a result message to show
```



## Extended Criteria (Feature Tests)
EC1: 
```
As a user who wants to play a game with more choices
So I can exercise my mind
I would like the option to play RPSLS
```

## My Tests for the functionality not listed in the instructions
PT1:
```
As a user
So I know what the application does
I want a title and instructions on the home page
```

PT2:
```
As a DFAT member
So I can play again
I want a reset button
```
